{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Slack-Lato{\*\falt appleLogo};}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans CJK SC Regular;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 FreeSans;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red29\green28\blue29;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af8 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af8\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af8 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.1.6.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/10m0$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr2019\mo8\dy7\hr11\min16}{\revtim\yr2019\mo8\dy7\hr11\min52}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}\deftab709
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
---- Architect and deliver a quality front end application to suit the need of the client.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
In March 2018, Rob applied for a lead React developer role with this Government client after the Business requested a new front-end to sit above a graph database-driven application. Initial conception of the visual design had been planned but the application architecture and application design were not.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
With most of the initial project requirements already gathered by the BAs, Rob began modelling the global application state and page routing against the flow of the application. Whislt waiting for the team to be mobilised, Rob then moved on to writing a local development mock server against the ICD produced by the team\u8217\'92s architect and finally, integrating a unit testing framework into the CD pipeline.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
Although Rob led a TDD team (although some people were better than other), TDD does not }{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
\u8216\'91guarantee\u8217\'92 }{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
you a}{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
 quality pr}{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
oduct }{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
but }{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
is for sure the foundation to a quality product and where Rob believes you should start. HERE}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- }{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
Years of Java development has taught me how invaluable TDD is, especially when reaching those corner cases in code that test data rarely reaches. We now have a fairly verbose level of test data in our stub but I know there are scenarios it doesn\u8217\'92t test so I am pleased to say right now that I am confident the THS codebase can handle corner cases with data it might have to face in the future. Only TDD can provide this confidence at a granular function level. I hope the quality of the product is noticed by users\u8217\'92 with usage over time.- Bundled together with unit tests written by TDD, we have extensive integration tests between components again at a code level. Hopefully this is enough to portray how much importance I lay on testing.- Another initiative, although managed by another team, is the Behavioural Driven Development test framework I have helped develop for both NV and THS for cross-browser testing and UI interaction.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
Our development environment was now enabled for test-driven development whereby we write tests first to the specification of the ticket and then code the pure Javascript functions to pass the tests. As I\u8217\'92m an advocate for TDD, I strongly encouraged other developers\u8217\'92 on the account to do the same, which greatly increased the quality of the product. Be warned however, TDD does not guarantee quality of component integration.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- Subsequent Sprints saw development of reusable components shared between the search results page and individual detailed views, the development of modularised CSS and the maturity of the view > dispatch > saga > reducer application flow, which ultimately becomes backbone of the application.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- During Sprint 3, we integrated with Keycloak to manage authentication and serve up our Single Page App (SPA) from a hosted Kubernetes cluster. We were now able to start cross-browser testing. I worked with a colleague from another team to start writing a Selenium integration test suite in order to provide confidence between THS and NV integration.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- During successive Sprints, we liaised closely with our user base, providing them with demonstrations, listening to their feedback and adapting the design and application interaction model to better suit their needs. Often, the users\u8217\'92 do not even know what they want so it is important to get an MVP or fairly immature product in front of them as soon as possible to help derive and evolve their requirements. I spent time myself mocking visual designs and suggesting different approaches to application layout and design.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- Quote from Dalvir Birah, Business Analyst on the account: "His experience to date has come in valuable, often suggesting alternative design options, a lot of which get incorporated."}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- THS was also integrated with the code quality tool, Sonar, where it helped us address code smells and track the cyclomatic complexity of the application along with unit test coverage and vulnerabilities. We currently now have 0 vulnerabilities, 20 code smells and 84% unit test coverage, putting THS at the top of the whole clients programme for code quality.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- The project has gone through 10 Sprints, where we have either delivered on time or actually over delivered due to the pace we have been working. We have always achieved our Sprint goals. THS has received very good feedback from the client and has been quoted as the \u8216\'91exemplar\u8217\'92 work stream within the whole programme, something I am proud to say I have led.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- Quote from Dalvir, account BA: "Rob works extremely efficiently and quickly through his work, and always seems to go the extra mile. Case in point would be implementing PNRD controls within THS, where he developed a pop up box with blurred background [\u8230\'85] and doing all this in less time than we had budgeted for."}
\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\widctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf17\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\loch\f5
- I received an AI Thank You award for my work on THS.}
\par }